hey you lovely people my name is shark
head and welcome to the six cube world
mod showcase where I show you the best
cube world mods on the internet right
now we have over 25 mods in right in
front of you you don't see it just yet
you only see like maybe 11 folders but
there are some within these folders that
have many other folders such as the
Pokemon pack here made by rich dog crazy
monkey Yuki judoka and also we have a
new face on the scene James a fan so
let's start off with their pokémons pack
so these are the previous pokemon that
we're in the pack and you can see these
being featured in the third cube world
mod showcase but in this one I'm going
to feature the newest ones to the pec
we're gonna start off with actually this
is not a pokemon but it's an apricot
apricot bush I come to naper course so
yeah if you want an appt record bush I
almost called the neighbor corn bush
again you can use this in the game and
now it's time to display some actual
Pokemon so let's start off from the top
of the list with Beedrill this is what
Beedrill looks like in the game I can
see that the wing looks very similar to
the one used for butterfree in the third
cube world mod showcase which is really
cool because it worked really well and
it also works well for be trill next we
have camerupt this is what cam reps
looks like and now they finally have
Charmander because in the third cube
world mod showcase they only had
Bulbasaur and squirtle so I'm glad they
have this now and if you want a closer
look you can look at the head looks
really nice this does replace the
squirrel so if you want the Charmander
that runs around punching things use
that one next we have chitat or che tots
not really sure how to pronounce this
one but apparently this bird has a song
note for a head I think that is an
eighth note MRI
i think i'm right next up we have
clefairy this is what it looks like in
game we also get to have Diggle it's
right here dodrio to replace the peacock
if you want a peacock with three heads
that is EV which is really cute by the
way
ysis replace this replaces dogs
apparently so i guess you can find these
in the town and the city's i mean that's
what i'm assuming and here's a giraffe
pokemons then girafarig unfortunately
the neck is not that long which would be
the defining characteristic of most our
apps but hey Greg next up we have Grimer
who looks like a giant mound of purple
sludge almost looks like a slime even
then we have horsey horsey a-- not
really sure what the pronunciation there
is but it's very cute it's blue in it
goes in the water I think yeah it
replaces seahorses so this is what it
looks like and has little tiny wings on
the back next we have houndour I believe
that's how it's pronounced and it looks
very angry it replaces wolves we also
have murkrow which replaces crows
obviously
he has a little spiked head red eyes and
it looks like it has rabies then we have
Sharpedo which I especially like because
I love sharks and he has a red eye I
think it's kind of hard to tell but it
swims in the water and it has gills and
it's blue and it's angry and it eats
things so I like it already probably
going to implement that into my game
here is Shuckle which looks like it
replaces the turtle right yep replaces
the turtle it's basically a yellow
turtle with a red shelf next we have
slowpoke which is very pink crawls on
all fours and looks like a very dumb red
with buck teeth and last but not least
for the Pokemon pack you can also choose
torterra which is basically a tortoise
with a giant tree growing out of this
shell and also you can choose the kind
of shell I mean you can choose the kind
of tree that grows out of his shell
let's see if it's a cherry tree and you
can have cherry blossoms all over his
beck and you can also choose a dead tree
but what fun is a dead tree anyway
that's it for the pokemon peck all right
we're gonna go over the rest of the muds
here's the eye of cthulhu from terraria
made by note to jerk this thing was
always annoying because I kept following
you around and tried to shoot things at
you and this is a warlock made by coil
reaper and you can also have wings but
it's in a separate download for your
warlock so these are the Warlocks wings
and this is what it looks like in the
cube world model editor pretty cool if
given the right lighting of course next
we have coil Reapers stormtrooper this
is actually his enhanced version because
he made a previous version but I don't
think that one was nearly as good as
this one because that one first off
didn't have gloves and this one has a
much cooler blaster so go for this one
next week well Reapers atst to go along
with that so if you want to be a
stormtrooper riding along on an eight
EST and I think this replaces the play
runner yeah it does so you can run
around in your own little mini a TST
unfortunately you can't fire lasers at
people but that would be a cool mod if
that if somehow that was made possible
next is a werewolf custom race by note
segura complete with two fangs
protruding out of the mouth
and also very angry furrowed eyebrows
and bright green eyes I think he also
created a closed mouth version so if
you're interested you can get this as
well next up is Rho diniz 84 is megaman
and zero content this is zero sword
specifically 40 these are mega men and
zeros shoulder pets and this is zero and
megaman in full glory within the game
they look really happy to be around
Megaman and 0 will be separated into
their own folders so you can pick and
choose and now one of my personal
favorites is monstercat x zp RW and Dan
edits I think that if they were to make
this a little better and improve on it
instead of making a pitch-black that
could have went with a dark gray so that
we could actually see the detail on the
master ket and I love monster cat
because they are one of my favorite
music distributors on YouTube right now
and finally we have the executioner's
Glade by sinner muro what I like about
santomero is that he tends to put some
kind of backstory in his post where he
posts the download link and the mod
itself so he also does some screenshot
design work here to present it well and
I'm just really impressed that he put
that much effort into it anyway that's
all I got for today please leave a like
to show you support and I'll see you
guys later